Okay.
So let's.
Ryan called the brute force.
What?
What.
What's happening in Brussels?
We are always passenger sit.
Right.
I do not take more than five, 10 minutes.
And we call the brute force.
And then we'll understand why wondered book.
And then we'll go dodging approach or.
Okay.
Let's go to the force.
No problem at all.
Great.
So.
Here we have CPI and it's the input.
The end is very small.
Let's take 20 to just an extra.
So this is the edit and and lipstick and also it shall be are in.
It's the input.
For the Eddie.
I'm digging a zero base indexing.
Okay, so don't worry.
Eight.
Now what I simply said simply associate BP and what I'm passing embossing this card matching from the
zero two men.
I'm bringing zero waste indexing.
And what is the state government which is available.
So here I have to pass a separate specific.
Not a big deal for us.
And they said this w the women were only eight.
So right now all the women are available.
So let me optimize it.
Okay.
Well, I.
W w insert.
But w.
I right now I have all these.
Okay.
So what I can also do is I can do it in the booth in order to rate that.
Instead of filling the blue with all human women first.
If, let's say the blue represents the woman, what they can say, then we don't.
Then what we for all the eggs were not belonging to the blue.
Then again, it will be a good solution.
Ladies.
I mean, w can be a set of women or taken or w can be a set of women can both of them can work.
Right.
Because they they're kind of same thing, only just the way of representing real change.
So yeah.
So here I'm passing w right.
So here we have in B, B and I'm on some men and here we have.
That.
W Wait.
So what?
Lewis Oh.
Yeah.
Let's.
Let's do one thing.
Hmm.
Well, let's take another.
Or let's not.
They're going to set a.
Well, let's iterate overall the values of women, because as we can see that there are only 21 women.
So it won't make much difference if I do over the set of women or 21 women.
Eight.
So here I go with all the women from zero to N, and I'll see if W don't find.
That means if that woman is equal to w don't find w dot.
And that means.
If I'm not able to find that woman in the city.
So it's a normal way of finding whether someone is dead in the state or not.
So if she is not okay, if she is not, then they say that means she is.
They can write.
So our royalties if it is not equal to W and that means she's in she's in the third and she's only eight
and what else's.
And also if M.
Gomer, I.
I hate women here we are talking about.
And that should be the one.
Eight.
If both of them are true, then what I'll do is I simply say, Let's dig on it.
Iran.
Syria goes to zero to answer pressing question which are D, B and plus one comma.
Yeah.
And you have to process it without the eight women that I'm taking.
So instead of I'll take.
But let's take it as two weeks that we have taken in the because of solution that we have written in
one note.
Eight.
Go ahead and begin.
Rachel Gibson excellently tried to process it with outtakes.
So what I'll do is I'll simply say w dot.
I just forgot how to remove it from the set.
Not yet.
When we remove it, should we raise?
Yeah.
Let's say weather drugs are not so WW.
And once it is for the next iteration, I want extra an extra B inside W again.
So I'll simply insert X back.
This is what backtracking is.
It will help the W because now W does not contain x and written down so.
Always.
So why should there be a space when M equals two?
That means when it goes to end, it means there are no more mines to Mars and there is no more woman
available also.
What we simply will simply return one.
That means we have found a way to which all of it has been matched.
Cool.
That means we have found a way and finally there will be added flexibilities and together it's working
or not.
Okay, so it's working.
Have you got three.
Mm.
Okay.
Let's say for this.
It's normal brute force that I've already explained to you.
Okay, one.
I think we are getting correct answers.
And this this one will be really big.
So I don't think the government will be able to optimize it.
But let's see if America doesn't hang.
Okay.
So it's building this, I don't know, but it's taking a lot of time.
It's a knowledge.
Let's understand it.
Why is it taking a lot of time?
Because and it's not doing only those and it's trying to do one.
But let's talk about this.
W right here.
What we can see is that there's too many paths that can be taken.
The first man can match with, let's say in the and woman.
Right.
So we have and different pods again will have in different parts then again for the second when we live
and different.
But the tournament again will have and different branches and this recursion it's kind of going for
like and what in and of course guys we are passing a cert with 21 values that will also be huge eight
does to optimize this said part.
What we do is.
We use bird masking nature.
Here is a new term for you.
If you are not able to solve this problem in one go, then no problem at all because it's a new topic
for your mask.
So here we'll take one really, which is called bird mask.
That means I simply instead of picking a woman in a suit, I take them as.
Binary numbers.
I take them as set bits of an integer.
What does it mean?
Well, so initially, let's say all women available.
That means I have.
And woman availability for now and is equal to one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
eight.
That means what is this number is if I talk about this number in decimal form, there it is due to the
poverty rate minus one, which is.
I guess, to revive.
Right if I'm not wrong.
Yeah.
So this is device binary.
That means right now, all women are available.
Isn't this a shorter way to describe that?
Yes.
A woman can be considered, as I said.
Bit of a number for this particular example.
If I'm considering them, as I said, bits of a particular number, then it will be easy for me to find
this out.
It will be easy for me to find.
First of all, it will be easy for me to ask, where do we go?
Yeah, to pass Ray by.
Because now we will be passing a number initially instead of women with every instead of us shared with
every woman.
What we will do is we will be passing.
Numbers will be passing to 55 initially instead of all the women and also age.
What you can do is let's see if you want to memorize it.
Right.
Let's say you want to memorize this approach only.
So let's take a map int and set.
Eight and it's trying memo is it and let's see whether it's bugs or not.
So what we have is.
Okay.
I think.
Your intense editing won't work great because that will be a key and that will be evaluated.
We want to memorize it on the basis of intense and we also want to distort the value of answer to hate.
So here, what I can do is I can take a period.
Better would be to take a pair here.
So I'm just going deep into this because I want you to understand how does it actually work?
Yeah.
So India I think they should work maybe have a pair of income a certain which is m w and this integer
will be this answer variable then I'll restoring.
So, so let's see the answer.
Okay.
So let's say if Ambedkar found, that means if m map contains this m comma search w that means I'll
simply return and be.
M Gomer w cool.
So this is normal memorization for map.
Either way, the answer is equal zero.
And whenever I whenever I am any, I simply stored it in my.
MWD goes to answer it.
So let's check this.
Okay.
It should be you.
Again, it's taking a really long time, even after memorizing.
Let me cancel the world and let me go back and take some smaller inputs.
So.
Yeah.
So first wallaby input, it's working correctly.
That means we are doing something better, right?
Well and for larger bullets.
Let me run it once.
And.
The other time we can.
I'm also not even sure about the memory limit that it will take because see how many students we have
we have and across the how many states are possible to use that of women to do the power insert possible
so there.
So it is and cross to do the power in and of course we are passing a set so it will contain.
In the end, the numbers, they said we're going to introduce numbers in the worst case.
So see, still, it is being run and it is being built and it's not giving me any idea what that means.
It's taking a really, really long time.
And of course, guys, you can easily see that the inside.
Solution for this.
Just give me a second.
So it would be very convenient for us to pass indeed just insert offsets and then so and then checking
whether woman that means whether a woman exists in the said list or not.
We can easily take that by manipulation.
That's very easy to say whether a Buddhist said for a number or not.
Eight.
But there's just one small change that is, instead of us said, what we will be doing is we will be
having another in this area which will call big mosque.
And I think it's great mosque great because this big mosque will help us memorize things.
And guys, what can be the worst case for us like means how many ones can be said forward mosque only
and one's height.
So insert the leftmost sorry the rightmost and once so that.
Which makes which will be called due to the power in minus one state.
So if an is ten, then it is 1023.
So of course sugar is 1000.
23 can easily be passed eight and it's a very small digit so here and is equal to 21.
Then the worst is it can be to the power 21 minus one, which is.
I don't know how much it is.
It's printed.
Also let me.
It is all of only this part eight.
And yeah.
Let me raise this said.
Okay.
Let's see how much it is.
To the deep.
Our end minus one.
Third is about 21 minus one.
Which is not big.
One, two, three, four, five, 600 and over six approximately.
It's not a big integer.
We can easily memorize it.
We can easily take that big of an 88.
So now let's try and collaborate for a solution using this bridge masking approach.
Eight.
So I just use a previous approach only anchored out in this.
But what we have here, we have.
Okay, let's start again.
Let's say X.
Let's talk about X.
From, sometimes it becomes quite difficult to explain and go simultaneously.
And also, if you get errors, then it becomes more tough.
So it starts from zero go still.
And now if I want to check whether Woman X is there in my set, that means if she's not already, if
she's there or not, then how will I do?
I will check very simple rate.
That means I just have to check whether the bit off where the next bit of this number is set or not.
So let's see, it's called a variable called said.
And how can I check whether the British say they're not native but must extremes and take and with one.
By this way, we can easily check whether the extra British said or not.
So it's a very easy approach.
Guys, I'm not going into detail of this.
You should you should have easily gone you should have gone in with a bit manipulation section in this
course.
Hate and no words.
This again, but that whether she's compatible or not, mate, I'm just taking everything the compatible.
This is he goes to each of em comma x that we have already done mate.
If if she's available, that means the British said and she's compatible.
Hey, then what we'll do is we'll simply added in the mind.
So let's dig in on the variable.
What will be a mind to the recursive?
Approach, which is BP and plus one.
It means the next man.
Is that fine?
Give me the number of these match.
The remaining men with the women were available.
And now, guys, what will be the Red Mosque?
So now we know that we have to unmask that particular woman who who is compatible with the current because
we are able to imagine the woman X eight to how to uncertain from a number.
I would want there to be Trump number.
Very easy.
If I do this that bit Musk and let's see the other one let's shift extinct.
That means I'm taking a number which is truly barbaric.
So the dead breed has come left extremes.
I if pickings are with this number, all the numbers in me insane and this big and this bit changes
8000 and 1.0 is one and it's always one reverses the bit.
So I'm simply taking the auto bit mass with the ground weird and passing it as the next video.
But not not it should not again be a big issue.
So here we have answer.
Let's see whether it's working or not.
Okay.
So here's what we need to parse is initially how many women are available for the first woman.
One left shift and minus one.
That means all of them are available.
All the better suited for this number eight.
So if you even if you don't know what this number is, you can print it out in check.
This is on the move with all the bits that it has and reads it eight.
So let's run on Smartest Guys and then we can memorize it.
So what's the problem here?
Base case.
If our music was to in.
They're done well.
Cool.
So.
Okay.
Not cool.
Yeah.
Here.
We've got one.
And in this, we have two.
You're right.
It's looking great.
Just so just not taking set.
We are taking away from us this distorted.
So here we are.
What we are doing is we are trying to optimize recursion that is done in programming.
But now by digging, it must begin easily.
Memories.
It ain't so.
Let's take anecdotes for 21 only.
To memo and because for this particular EMP and what is the scan value it is one left shift in.
Good because beard mask and take these many values, these many big values which is not much above a
six into 21, can be taken easily.
So how to to.
Here, let's do this memo.
3 a.m. and musk.
At stake the answer variable.
Well.
And if answer is an article two minus one.
It's an answer.
The right answer is zero at all the combinations ended in me dancer in Italy.
Let's that.
Memo.
KOMO minus Anchorman signs off memo.
It's working.
Not sick for other cases.
Sick for a big case.
So it took time to win 4 seconds of building and ending and giving me out, but it gave me out.
That's what matters.
Now, this.
This outboard is not going to.
Why?
Because of.
And it wasn't aimless.
It went late.
So I just have to bring the output with this particular.
More value added.
So let's take mode and wherever we are doing in addition in.
The onset will take more.
Hey, Joe.
We only have.
In over and over and strange.
Let's just ignored.
So what I have is 10251.
Yeah, I think it's good.
I hope you got this.
Of course, it's taking a bit time.
Let's say it's taking a little bit of time, but still, it is far better than the said approach.
And here we have 2/2 time limit.
Now, of course, this is a longer compiler and you all must know that.
The online compilers does not take full time into consideration.
They only take the execution time into consideration.
18 Look at what happens.
A lot of lot of calls being made locally and then compilers is being.
And on and other things.
Eight.
So yeah so let's some of course guys the thing is that we have got an output for this case.
You do read Musk.
Because bird mask is actually masking my birds.
And what does those birds represent.
Woman whatever level eight and compatibility in both of them I take to.
Got it.
So we ran the scoring in 1077 milliseconds.
So I don't think it's bad.
It's really good.
And.
If you want to, you can even optimize it for the rate.
But I don't think it's needed because again, it's running in half of the time.
To take in was a limit and it's running in 1/2.
It's good.
Not no problem at all.
Well, so I hope you understand.
Understood this, guys.
Thanks a lot.